NAME
    Statocles - A static site generator

VERSION
    version 0.027

SYNOPSIS
        # !!! Read the Getting Started guide to set up a site.yml config file

        # Create a new blog post
        export EDITOR=vim
        statocles blog post

        # Build the site
        statocles build

        # Test the site in a local web browser
        statocles daemon

        # Deploy the site
        statocles deploy

DESCRIPTION
    Statocles is an application for building static web pages from a set of
    plain YAML and Markdown files. It is designed to make it as simple as
    possible to develop rich web content using basic text-based tools.

  FEATURES
    *   A simple format combining YAML and Markdown for editing site
        content.

    *   A command-line application for building, deploying, and editing the
        site.

    *   A simple daemon to display a test site before it goes live.

    *   A blogging application with

        *   RSS and Atom syndication feeds.

        *   Tags to organize blog posts. Tags have their own custom feeds.

        *   Crosspost links to direct users to a syndicated blog.

        *   Post-dated blog posts to appear automatically when the date is
            passed.

    *   Customizable templates using the Mojolicious template language.

    *   A clean default theme using Twitter Bootstrap
        <http://getbootstrap.com>.

    *   SEO-friendly features such as sitemaps (sitemap.xml)
        <http://www.sitemaps.org>.

GUIDES
  GETTING STARTED
    To get started with your own Statocle site, see the Statocles setup help
    in Statocles::Help::Setup.

OVERVIEW
  DOCUMENTS
    A document is the main content of the site. The user does all the work
    with documents: adding, editing, and removing documents.

    The default store reads documents in a combined YAML and Markdown
    format, easily editable with any text editor. A sample document looks
    like:

        ---
        title: This is a title
        author: preaction
        ---
        # This is the markdown content

        This is a paragraph

    This is the same format that Jekyll <http://jekyllrb.com> uses. The
    document format is described in the Statocles::Store documentation under
    Frontmatter Document Format.

  PAGES
    A Statocles::Page is rendered HTML ready to be sent to a user. Statocles
    generates pages from the documents that the user provides. One document
    may generate multiple pages, and pages may have multiple formats like
    HTML or RSS.

    Statocles::Page::Document
        This page renders a single document. This is used for the main page
        of a blog post, for example.

    Statocles::Page::List
        This page renders a list of other pages (not documents). This is
        used for index pages.

    Statocles::Page::Feed
        This page renders an alternate version of a list page, like an RSS
        or Atom feed.

  APPLICATIONS
    An application is the module that will take the documents the user
    provides and turn them into the pages that can be written out to the
    filesystem.

    Statocles::App::Blog
        A simple blogging application.

  SITES
    A Statocles::Site manages a bunch of applications, writing and deploying
    the resulting pages.

    Deploying the site may involve a simple file copy, but it could also
    involve a Git repository, an FTP site, or a database.

    Statocles::Site::Git
        A simple Git repository site.

  STORES
    A Statocles::Store reads and writes documents and pages. The default
    store reads documents in YAML and writes pages to a file, but stores
    could read documents as JSON, or from a Mongo database, and write pages
    to a database, or whereever you want!

SUBROUTINES
  diag( level, message )
    Write a diagnostic message to STDOUT, but only if $Statocles::VERBOSE is
    set.

AUTHOR
    Doug Bell <preaction@cpan.org>

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
    This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Doug Bell.

    This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
    the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

